Make Plan class as a part of API (#165)
kokkos/kokkos-fft: docs/intro/using.rst

Reuse FFT plan
--------------

Apart from the basic APIs, Kokkos-fft offers the capability to create a FFT plan wrapping the FFT plans of backend libraries.

> We can reuse the FFT plan created once to perform FFTs multiple times on different data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can reuse the FFT plan created once to perform FFTs multiple times on different data given that they have the same properties.
```
Just a word to say we cannot pass anything ?

Author: Fixed accordingly
